README.md, before:

# Kotio web UI

The UI is a vue.js application that can be deployed to what ever web server of your choise or to be accessed from your file system.

## Configuration

The UI must be configured to connect to the kotio servers. The file `src/config.js` contains boolean variables `ruuvitagApi.enabled` and `tellstickApi.enabled` that indicate whether that specific integration is enabled and variables `RUUVITAG_API_URL` and `TELLSTICK_API_URL` should be configured to contain the host name or IP address where the protocol specific kotio server is located.

## Compiling the distributable files

```bash
cd webui
npm install
npm run build
```

## Distributable files

Afer compilation the directory `dist` contains all the files needed for the web UI. Just copy the contents of that directory where ever you see fit.

Only file in that directory that is not part of the code base is `bundle.js` that is generated by the compilation.

## Test web UI

After configuration changes and compilation open file `dist/index.html` in your preferred browser.

Commit message:

Add ability to use webpack dev server and copy font-awesome to dist with webpack copy plugin

README.md, after:

# Kotio web UI

The UI is a vue.js application that can be deployed to what ever web server of your choise or to be accessed from your file system.

## Configuration

The UI must be configured to connect to the kotio servers. The file `src/config.js` contains boolean variables `ruuvitagApi.enabled` and `tellstickApi.enabled` that indicate whether that specific integration is enabled and variables `RUUVITAG_API_URL` and `TELLSTICK_API_URL` should be configured to contain the host name or IP address where the protocol specific kotio server is located.

## Running the dev server

The UI has a webpack dependency and webpack dev server dev-dependency.

The dev server with auto-reload can be started with command `npm run dev`.

## Compiling the distributable files

```bash
cd webui
npm install
npm run build
```

## Distributable files

Afer compilation the directory `dist` contains all the files needed for the web UI. Just copy the contents of that directory where ever you see fit.

Only file in that directory that is not part of the code base is `bundle.js` that is generated by the compilation.

## Test web UI

After configuration changes and compilation open file `dist/index.html` in your preferred browser.
